the request pipe is opened successfully
the response pipe is opened successfully
init screen successed
cbreak successed
noecho successed
kaypad successed
start_color successed
curs_set successed
init pair successed
inilization is ready to accept shaped which we will define
the up-right button is presses
the up-right button is presses
the up-right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the o button is presses
the t button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the down button is presses
the down button is presses
the stop button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the left button is presses
the stop button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the up button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the stop button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
the right button is presses
